# Using the Community Specification Agreement.

## 1. Create repository.

Create a new repository, and include the following files from the Community Specification 0.9 repository [link]:

- **Community Specification Contributor License Agreement.**  The Community Specification Contributor License Agreement is the agreement that binds participants to the legal and goverance terms established for the Working Group, and it binds participants to the there terms, goverance, and agreements in the official Community Specification repository.  This ensures  consistancy for all projects using these agreements, and avoids the risk that the terms have been modified. 

- **Scope.md.**  The Scope.md file determines the scope of your Working Group.  Items beyond that scope are not subject to licensing obligations established by the Community Specificastion License.    

- **Notices.md.**  The Notices.md file includes information and notices about the project, including contacts for code of conduct issues, patent exclusions, and parties that have specifically notified the community that they are implementing the specification.

- **License.md.**  The License.md file includes a statement notifying people that the project is under the Community Specification License, and the license for any source code included with the specificastion.

## 2. Fill in the required information.

- **Scope.md.**  Complete the Scope.md file, which determines the scope of your Working Group.

- **Notices.md.** Add the contact for code of conduct issues.

- **License.md.** If any source or sample code will be included in the specification, designate a source code license in the the License.md file.  The default license is MIT, and you may change that to an open source license of your choosing.


# Best Practices.

1. **CLA bot.** Enable a CLA Bot, such as EasyCLA or cla-bot, to require a **Community Specification Contributor License Agreement** signed (either by an individual contributor or by a contributor's employer, which CLA covers the employed contributor) and in place prior to making any contribution.

1. **Use for specifications, not code.**  Use Community Specification Agreements for specfication development, not code.

1. **Scope.** Draft the scope with care since it sets the out bounds of the patent commitments participants make to the specification.  If you draft it too narrowly, you may limit the functionality of the specification, especially as the project progresses.  Draft it too broadly and it may provide a barrier to participation since participants may be unwilling to agree to potentially broad patent commitments.  For guidance on drafting an appropriate Scope, you may find [ISO's guidance (see page 5)](https://www.iso.org/files/live/sites/isoorg/files/archive/pdf/en/how-to-write-standards.pdf "ISO How To Write Standards Guide") helpful.

1.  **Specification format.**  Use the Community Specification Template to draft your specification.

1. **Develop Specifications and code in seperate respositories.**  Where possible, separate specifications and source code in separate repositories, with the specifications under the Community Specification Agreements and the source code under an OSI-approved open source license.  The best practice is that the License.md file included in a specification development reposity is uses for sample code included in the specification itself.

1. **Develop multiple specifications in seperate repositories.** When developing multiple specifications, each individual specification should be in its own repository.
