0.9 Community Specification/3._Notices.md, before:

## Code of Conduct

Contact for Code of Conduct issues or inquires:  _________________


## Implementers

Per Community Specification License Section 2.1.3.3, implementers may indicate their acceptance of the Community Specification License by issuing a pull request to the Specification’s repository’s Notice.md file, including the implementer’s name, authorized individual, and specification version.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Implementer’s Name:

Authorized Individual:

Specification Version:

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Withdrawals

Name of party withdrawing:

Date of Withdrawal:  

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Exclusions

This file includes any Exclusion Notices made against a Draft Deliverable or Approved Deliverable as set forth in the Community Specification Development License.
Each Exclusion Notice must include the following information:

-	Name of party making the Exclusion Notice:

-	Name of Patent Owner:

-	Specification:

-	Version number:

**For issued patents and published patent applications:**

	(i)	patent number(s) or title and application number(s), as the case may be:

	(ii)	identification of the specific part(s) of the Specification whose implementation makes the excluded claim a Necessary Claim.

**For unpublished patent applications must provide either:**

	(i) the text of the filed application; or
    
	(ii) identification of the specific part(s) of the Specification whose implementation makes the excluded claim a Necessary Claim.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Commit message:

Capture the authorized user's ID
It may be hard to map GitHub IDs to real names without the ID also being documented.

0.9 Community Specification/3._Notices.md, after:

## Code of Conduct

Contact for Code of Conduct issues or inquires:  _________________


## Implementers

Per Community Specification License Section 2.1.3.3, implementers may indicate their acceptance of the Community Specification License by issuing a pull request to the Specification’s repository’s Notice.md file, including the specification version, implementer’s name, authorized individuals' names and repository system identifier (e.g. GitHub ID).

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Implementer’s Name:

Authorized Individual:

Specification Version:

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Withdrawals

Name of party withdrawing:

Date of Withdrawal:  

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Exclusions

This file includes any Exclusion Notices made against a Draft Deliverable or Approved Deliverable as set forth in the Community Specification Development License.
Each Exclusion Notice must include the following information:

-	Name of party making the Exclusion Notice:

-	Name of Patent Owner:

-	Specification:

-	Version number:

**For issued patents and published patent applications:**

	(i)	patent number(s) or title and application number(s), as the case may be:

	(ii)	identification of the specific part(s) of the Specification whose implementation makes the excluded claim a Necessary Claim.

**For unpublished patent applications must provide either:**

	(i) the text of the filed application; or
    
	(ii) identification of the specific part(s) of the Specification whose implementation makes the excluded claim a Necessary Claim.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
