0.9 Community Specification/Readme.md, before:

# Community Specification

## What is the Community Specification For?

The Community Specification process is a GitHub-based approach for creating standards and specifications. 

## What's the benefit?

The Commununity Specification allows you to start a specification development effort as easily as an open source project.  And, becuase it incorporates the terms and processes required for standards and specification development, it provides the basis to take your specification to other standards bodies, including international standards bodies, for formal standardization if you'd like.

## Why shouldn't I just use an open source license for my specifications?

A primarily difference between open source licenses and specification licenes is that open source licenses provide intellectual property coverage for that specific implementation of the code.  Specification licenses are designed to provide intellectual property coverage for independent implementations of the specification.  Because of this, if you use and open source license for specifications, people implementing those specifications may be doing so without any meaningfull copyright or patent grants.

Also, open source and standards licenses tend to have different coverage scopes.  Open source licenses generally cover only a contributor's contributions.  Specification licenses, however, cover implementations of the entire specification, regardless of who made the actual contribution.  

## Who developed the Community Specification

The Community Specification has been developed via the [Joint Development Foundation](http://www.jointdevelopment.org), with inspiration from the [Open Web Foundation agreements](http://openwebfoundation.org) and the [Alliance for Open Media Patent License  1.0](http://aomedia.org/license/patent-license/).

Commit message:

Reference a generic repository approach
Reference a generic repository approach, with GitHub as an example implementation

0.9 Community Specification/Readme.md, after:

# Community Specification

## What is the Community Specification For?

The Community Specification process is a repository-based approach for creating standards and specifications, such as in a GitHub organization. 

## What's the benefit?

The Commununity Specification allows you to start a specification development effort as easily as an open source project.  And, becuase it incorporates the terms and processes required for standards and specification development, it provides the basis to take your specification to other standards bodies, including international standards bodies, for formal standardization if you'd like.

## Why shouldn't I just use an open source license for my specifications?

A primarily difference between open source licenses and specification licenes is that open source licenses provide intellectual property coverage for that specific implementation of the code.  Specification licenses are designed to provide intellectual property coverage for independent implementations of the specification.  Because of this, if you use and open source license for specifications, people implementing those specifications may be doing so without any meaningfull copyright or patent grants.

Also, open source and standards licenses tend to have different coverage scopes.  Open source licenses generally cover only a contributor's contributions.  Specification licenses, however, cover implementations of the entire specification, regardless of who made the actual contribution.  

## Who developed the Community Specification

The Community Specification has been developed via the [Joint Development Foundation](http://www.jointdevelopment.org), with inspiration from the [Open Web Foundation agreements](http://openwebfoundation.org) and the [Alliance for Open Media Patent License  1.0](http://aomedia.org/license/patent-license/).
